,company,job_description,job_title,location
0,eBay Inc.,apply ebay senior data scientist applied researcher job software development san jose california,Senior Data Scientist/Applied Researcher,"San Jose, CA"
1,Enigma,job application data miner enigma apply data miner enigma new york ny data miner intelligence team ll responsible deriving insight external internal archive live data sources like common crawl enigma public data corpus public internet. expected design develop services sit atop statistical models gleaned large corpora. ideal candidate well versed natural language processing distributed systems old new data storage systems well solid understanding rest crud best practices. understand able concisely communicate tradeoffs involved different analytical techniques. effectively design implement experiments benchmarks inform technical decision making. intelligence team ll interacting engineers scientists working analytical tools levels need able communicate complex ideas confident concise manner. look experience complex large scale analytics penchant probability statistics lateral thinking pragmatic troubleshooting applied algorithm design apply job required optional almost review information click submit application apply. first name last name email phone resume cv drop files attach dropbox google drive paste cover letter drop files attach dropbox google drive paste github profile linkedin profile website hear job share job powered read privacy policy,Data Miner,"New York, NY"
2,LendUp,job application principal data scientist lendup apply principal data scientist lendup view jobs san francisco ca lendup financial technology startup based sf working expand credit access choice customers underserved traditional lenders like banks credit unions. re y combinator alum yc w backed prominent investors google ventures qed andreessen horowitz kleiner perkins. today lendup people re looking grow end . first product used states counting ve seen great press coverage wall street journal new york times financial times cnn nbc techcrunch venturebeat inc wired bloomberg fortune dow jones amongst others. re millions people access credit deserve. options borrowing money limited unfair easy become trapped debt. first problem lendup set solve applying combined expertise software engineering data science credit education shared passion justice. first product lendup ladder alternative payday loans transforms product opportunity borrow money lower rates time build credit. every day see customers succeeding. next re continuing build next generation dignified financial products deserve giving us back time money control financial lives. role ll power decisions core lendup lending growth ops more. want apply greatest machine learning models create clever hacks design best architectures help us find way help tens millions americans banks won lend to. ll chance go end end take models prototype production build algorithms touch cutting edge machine learning work across entire company listening customers pitching ideas ceo wrangle data find solutions regardless speed scale everything play memcache relational d atabases distributed queues databases learn smartest experienced scientists engineers world years experience data scientist role proficiency python java similar comfortable building deploying production models technical background example bs ms phd similar work experience driven learn fast creative win team bonus points ability write production quality code experience distributed computing frameworks like hadoop spark offer competitive salary equity fully covered medical vision dental insurance free lunches daily eat club order service healthy snacks open vacation policy free onsite gym awesome brand new financial district location close bart sf transport links apply job required optional almost review information click submit application apply. first name last name email phone resume cv drop files attach dropbox google drive paste cover letter drop files attach dropbox google drive paste linkedin profile website hear job share job powered read privacy policy,Principal Data Scientist,"San Francisco, CA"
3,LendingHome,job application data scientist lendinghome apply data scientist lendinghome view jobs san francisco ca lendinghome seeking highly analytical innovative data scientist join data team. data drives every area lendinghome including marketing sales operations credit collaborating closely groups tackle highest priority strategic questions enable excellent robust data driven decision making.responsibilities responsibilities define create improve metrics dashboards precisely accurately measure pulse business proactively initiate depth rigorous analysis derive meaningful insights business clearly act upon drive improvements business outcomes testing new different strategies systematic planning execution experiments continually explore iterate statistical models features advance understanding key underlying business drivers build production grade machine learning pipelines data products solve critical complex problems deliver business value identify research analyze new data sources complement enrich quality data platform support ad hoc analysis requests desired skills graduate degree computer science statistics math related quantitative discipline excellent grasp fundamentals statistics probability expertise sql proven comfort intellectual curiosity working large sets data proficiency coding software engineering concepts. fluency python r preferred experience basic classes machine learning techniques algorithms e.g. regression classification boosting clustering time series nlp ability partner collaborate communicate well diverse set colleagues technical non technical levels resourceful pragmatic approach problem solving recognition best solutions sometimes simplest experience hadoop spark distributed parallel computing paradigms plus ability transform technical analysis easily digestible visualization plus apply job required first name last name email phone location city resume cv drop files attach dropbox google drive paste cover letter drop files attach dropbox google drive paste linkedin profile website hear job share job powered read privacy policy,Data Scientist,"San Francisco, CA"
4,Humin,job application data scientist humin apply data scientist humin view jobs san francisco ca humin re building technology fosters meaningful interactions people ve met known years. us work really starts investing humin family. small team comprised passionate brilliant folks re backed well respected global investor base. re working together build something powerful. humin team growing ve moved amazing new office soma ll still feel like re getting ground floor. first product evolved phone contacts app remembers everyone know like naturally think. check video see humin https vimeo.com 3 . second product knock knock launched august . knock knock easiest way connect chat exchange contact info people room. knocking twice knock knock remembers names re met. check launch video starring familiar faces see knock knock knock knock. ve featured wall street journal washington post named one top 3 software innovations year popular science. re getting started. opportunity humin going intellectually interesting problem believe significant potential social network space. team culture appealing anyone intellectually curious creative interested pushing boundaries tackling big problems could potentially big impact. initial funding far enough along building data science team. requirements skills large scale data management manipulation skills statistical inference large scale data broadly defined experience graph data plus though requirement ms computer science statistics applied mathematics related areas specific preferences ms phd data mining machine learning econometrics statistical analysis applied mathematics equivalent agnostic particular tools people use types skills experience seeking follows large scale data management manipulation.those interested able easily manage manipulate data sets hundreds millions time varying observations order thousands tens thousands features. tool agnostic. experience following types tools strongly desired fluency one programming languages c c++ java scripting languages like perl python etc. fluency databases relational nosql strong experience distributed systems hadoop mapreduce hive pig spark streaming data processing cloud architecture statistical inference large scale data. looking people strong background statistical modeling e.g. k means clustering factor analysis regression empirical hierarchical bayesian methods lda natural language processing etc. machine learning e.g. decision trees svm naive bayesian classification markov networks etc. . knowledge different simulation approaches monte carlo methods plus. typically people familiar one following types tools r stata matlab scipy numpy matplotlib spss sas octave weka orange. ll getting ground level growth stage company. provide lunch snacks drinks every day. offer competitive benefits package. importantly ll chance work amazingly talented passionate people. prepared busy apply job required optional almost review information click submit application apply. first name last name email phone resume cv drop files attach dropbox google drive paste cover letter drop files attach dropbox google drive paste linkedin profile website hear job share job powered read privacy policy,Data Scientist,"San Francisco, CA"
5,Chartboost,job application machine learning engineer data scientist chartboost apply machine learning engineer data scientist chartboost view jobs san francisco us chartboost world largest mobile games platform helping developers grow audience monetize make better data driven decisions. work top grossing ios android game developers currently leveraged games reaching million active players around world every month. offer simple sdk enabling cross promotion direct deals mobile ad network transparency full control users empowering run campaigns want. proud product ve built appreciate impact people businesses lives. want surrounded people always finding opportunities try something new grow. love data anything helps drive intelligent decisions always design user mind. sounds like fit join us part team change future mobile gaming job seeking experienced machine learning engineer help build data platform analyzing signals improve relevance mobile ads. role involves developing conducting experiments analyzing results build improve ad relevance targeting capabilities. working fast moving environment scale product. high impact opportunity right candidate able define team tech. technology stack includes kafka hadoop hbase spark scala running aws. developers write unit integration tests ensure high quality products. opportunity evaluate new technologies use design better reliable systems. job responsibilities assessing current ad optimization targeting capabilities developing roadmap short long term improvements. develop processes tools help team members monitor debug analyze data pipelines develop best practices data processing experimentation consumption monitoring collaborate closely product data science teams build new features infrastructure develop tools assess financial impact initiatives job requirements experience ad tech space bonus mobile sound understanding data science machine learning principles experience analyzing data identifying new sources experimenting optimizing ability roll sleeves push code production strong experience improving performance queries data jobs scaling system exponential growth data expertise spark ecosystem production experience training using models mid large size engineering org perks opportunity help build company founding team stock options stake future success chartboost awesome new office near union square days pto holidays per year including birthday comprehensive medical dental vision insurance options daily catered lunch fully stocked kitchens commuter program k savings plan apply job required first name last name email phone resume cv drop files attach dropbox google drive paste cover letter drop files attach dropbox google drive paste linkedin profile website hear job share job powered read privacy policy,Machine Learning Engineer / Data Scientist,"San Francisco, CA"
6,Lyft Corporate,,Data Scientist,"San Francisco, CA"
7,Unity Technologies,job application data scientist unity technologies apply data scientist unity technologies view jobs san francisco unity cloud analytics team global leader predictive marketing data science games apps. mission enable large scale data platform built understand aspects player behavior across unity network. every month million unity games downloaded across + billion devices making one largest mobile platforms world. unity analytics captures deep granular behavior users enabling developers better connect audience optimize players experience discover right players games. empowering game developers indie enterprise core focus. job responsibilities looking experienced data scientist work product engineering teams help build software systems gather process analyze large amounts data using clustered cloud computing. work team algorithm experts design implement scale processes data mining predictive analysis machine learning. systems operate data network popular online games comprised billions events millions users day. ll ll build software systems analyzing large amounts data cloud design implement machine learning analytics data mining algorithms applied understanding predicting behavior users support aspects software development design implementation testing tuning monitoring develop test hypotheses across functional areas unity design implement analyze algorithms substantially impact multiple unity products interact customers understand requirements data establish unity strategic research roadmap looking degree computer science statistics applied math related field equivalent experience . masters advanced degree preferred least five years related experience passion building technology sift large amounts data extract truth strong background deploying code production environment sql matlab weka r similar packages experience relational databases hadoop hbase hive large scale data processing environment awareness business objectives ability apply understanding recommend implement product development difficult complex technical issues strong results driven personality high level enthusiasm energy confidence excellent analytical communication organizational presentation skills experience working growth stage startup company pluses background prior experience online gaming demonstrable software experience machine learning statistical analysis mathematical modeling familiarity hadoop related sub projects mapreduce hbase mahout etc. industry experience large scale algorithm challenges consumer internet space experience iphone android mobile application platforms experience building highly scalable reliable java applications experience c++ jsp javascript css html ajax proven research background academic industrial work emphasis delivering research critical impact multiple projects product driven curious creative. aggressively reinvest development keep unity moving evolving expanding usability power platform reach. billion installs per month unity touches gamers non gamers alike. well video games software used industries diverse medicine visualisation shopping democratizing game development solving hard problems enabling success huge range developers worldwide. today unity expanded international offices employees 3 countries. every person unity technologies inherent passion driven spirit isn enough able job re looking people color outside lines looking freed process tangle dream big pursuant san francisco fair chance ordinance consider employment qualified applicants arrest conviction records. apply job required optional almost review information click submit application apply. first name last name email phone location city resume cv drop files attach dropbox google drive paste cover letter drop files attach dropbox google drive paste linkedin profile website hear job share job powered read privacy policy,Data Scientist,"San Francisco, CA"
8,Le Tote,le tote data scientist leaddata scientist leadsan franciscoengineeringfull timeapply jobhere le tote ve collecting product ratings customer actions since day one. nearly one million ratings generated month. data science team helps us understand many data points. search exceptional data scientist work fun challenging big data problems depth statistics predictive analytics techniques. looking someone begin build team data scientists work team leaders find new opportunities company growth. candidates able design workflow data science team related engineering well build new applications help metrics. requirementsbs ms computer science equivalent3+ years data science roleprevious engineering leadership responsibilitiesabout le tote le tote mission make fashion accessible everyone every day. unique model gives customers access unlimited closet clothing accessories monthly membership fee. feature hundreds top brands including house harlow sam edelman free people vince camuto max studio tahari french connection. shipment includes personalized selection three pieces clothing two accessories curated using le tote proprietary fit algorithm recommendation engine. re using highly analytical data driven approach fundamentally transform way women shop. turn dream reality re looking highly motivated skilled people like le tote customers states company seen growth year year past years. company raised 3 mm date backed top tier venture capital firms including andreessen horowitz google ventures y combinator azure capital aitv.apply joble tote home pagejobs powered,Data Scientist - Lead,"San Francisco, CA"
9,MsgAI,data scientist machine learning nlp full time sf job msgai san francisco ca powered jobscore data scientist machine learning nlp full time sf san francisco ca engineering job description data scientist machine learning nlp full time position san francisco position member product data science team want bring experience building real products real world ground up. teammates see data artist go tough analytical problems. comfortable jumping deep end learning new skills cutting edge platform. ll use marketer mindset quantitative approach love things digital play key role new product definition. role ll act trusted partner sales team marketing team key clients help wow customers repeatedly predictably scoring hit shows. re growing product data science team looking talented people help us projects ranging across full spectrum nlp machine learning statistical programming disciplines. aggressively building predictive systems methods improving data quality improving core algorithms. specifically interested people experience extensive nlp ml experience. ideal candidate prior experience machine learning programmer linguistic systems. re looking candidate work part core product team developing next generation customer analytics learning platform. ll work server side team product team mobile technology teams gaining experience defining necessary components. re looking candidates data scientist collaborate closely developers business stakeholders transition research high value business applications. need best scientists sharpest developers drive research innovation. human computation platform gives us power reinvent machine learning solutions web scale language processing especially short form text. build scalable innovative technology house build strong connections complementing technology academic faculty. want individuals drive team join us build information processors future. experience hands processing representation transformation information datasets using tools uima domain specific tools. experience using open source tool kits text image processing cleartk stanford corenlp nltk opencv caffe neural networks. experience large scale algorithms familiarity big data computing infrastructure hadoop etc. peers see top notch problem solver. comfortable defining new ideas refining existing ones. comfortable small intense high growth start environment candidates ms phd cs machine learning statistics extensive focus nlp application requirements please include resume cover letter. could also include relevant portfolio projects experience link github account. msgai msgai www.msg.ai vc backed artificial intelligence based platform conversational commerce headquartered nyc offices india london tokyo. msgai artificial intelligence platform enables brands automate interactive conversations end users customers various popular messaging platforms. perks role based san francisco office. full time position competitive compensation chance experience real silicon alley startup back jobs list apply apply job spread word right job describe perfect job join talent network powered applicant tracking enter information get credit referrals please fix problems highlighted red first name last name email remember jobscore privacy policy share forward job please fix problems highlighted red subject message thought might interested following position msgai. jobscore privacy policy required fields send,Data Scientist / Machine Learning / NLP full time in SF,"San Francisco, CA"
10,Microsoft,microsoft careers job details sign account central apply history help center job alerts job watch list recommended jobs resumes welcome existing microsoft careers account sign below. new site create microsoft careers account clicking one following microsoft linkedin google facebook cancel microsoft careers working microsoft benefits perks businesses teams mission culture office locations students graduates apply events webinars find recruiter international opportunities programs find job students graduates industry professionals things create careers account explore recommended jobs locate events webinars find recruiter review interview tips data scientist join excitement machine learning cloud microsoft newly formed cortana analytics ecosystem team fast paced team startup mindset within c+e data group. goal drive adoption advanced analytics cortana analytics suite across microsoft partner ecosystem. build innovative demos end end solutions independent software vendors isvs leveraging cortana analytics.we looking engineers scientists passionate data want apply machine learning techniques solve real world problems software enterprises. help develop ml capabilities predictive modeling text image mining recommendations clustering anomaly detection forecasting methods deep learning advanced statistical techniques. work aspects design development delivery machine learning enabled solutions including problem definition data acquisition data exploration visualization feature engineering experimenting ml algorithms evaluating comparing metrics deploying models iteratively improving solution building tools process etc. work data diverse structured unstructured data sources batch streaming modes various formats including tabular image video audio text time series. role interact team experts machine learning distributed systems program management partner product teams vision scenario feature planning execution delivery scalable solutions cloud service.requirements background computer science electrical engineering statistics physics mathematics operations research equivalent technical field phd ms degree + years industry knowledge machine learning data mining techniques one areas statistical modeling methods time series text mining optimization information retrieval. ability prototype statistical analysis modeling algorithms apply algorithms data driven solutions problems new domains. software development skills one high level languages c c c++ java f one scripting languages python perl shell knowledge r. expertise common ml tools weka r rapidminer knime scikit learn sas spss modelbuilder etc. plus. experience aws azure plus. ability build production grade machine learning enabled solutions end end. microsoft equal opportunity employer. qualified applicants receive consideration employment without regard race color gender sexual orientation gender identity expression religion national origin marital status age disability veteran status genetic information protected status. job 3 locations united states redmond wa job families development engineering teams cloud enterprise empower future. apply complete final step application process resume sent staffing get email confirmation submission. may contacted directly recuiter match. select resume resume selected used job openings. edit resume create new resume resume noted used applying position listed table. please make sure openings interested in. ready proceed submitting resume position affirmative action information microsoft committed diverse work environment commitment demonstrated part affirmative action program. assist us meeting commitment encourage complete information records. information solicited individuals applying u.s. based positions microsoft required u.s. law. completion section strictly voluntary. declining provide information result adverse treatment application employment. ethnicity race categories listed defined u.s. equal employment opportunity commission. gender malefemaledecline state race ethnicity view definitions close definitions prompted apply microsoft confirm person automated program please enter characters see image. avoid signing in. notes computer must able play audio wav format. audio file intentionally distorted prevent automated programs reading it. file plays another program remember numbers return page type field. play audio update contact information contact information provided different existing microsoft careers account. want us update account latest information great updates account saved. need resume apply apply job must submit resume. already saved resume sign selected job added job watch list feedback x get started explore recommended jobs search jobs manage job alerts manage resumes life microsoft diversity jobsblog news center stories fire hose women microsoft tips tools apply history frequently asked questions help center interview tips job watch list connect us legal privacy contact us microsoft,Data Scientist,"Redmond, WA 98052"
11,Datameer,careers big data analytics careers datameer us icon us icon business analyst icon business analyst icon ceo icon ceo icon datameer icon datameer icon envelope icon envelope icon facebook icon facebook icon google plus icon google plus icon instagram icon instagram icon professional icon professional icon learn icon learn icon linkedin icon linkedin icon product icon product icon partners icon partners icon search icon search icon social networks icon social networks icon share icon share icon support icon support icon testimonial icon testimonial icon twitter icon twitter icon datameer icon datameer icon + . . . free trial menu product datameer datameer product overview big data integration big data preparation big data analytics big data visualization advanced modules datameer architecture testimonials learn resources tutorials datameer certification datameer university partners company us team news events careers contact us blog help center community support documentation careers datameer. re global team works hard every day vision making world better data. fun re it. datameer first movers founded several years first true competitors. ll never give advantage. committed growth re growing like mad meaning career too. re fiercely committed providing growth paths development support needed along way. thought leaders lead conversation. leadership team respected trusted internally among big data community. people first family comes first. always. generous maternity paternity leave life happens re support you. geography agnostic diverse teams around globe corporate apartments sf ny germany encourage employees spend time offices. committed vision aren distracted shiny objects d never jump bandwagon. believe roadmap. get know us share share share share share share share share meet team datameer meet datameer germany datameer pitch day life datameer datameer customer highlights get know datameer support meet datameer product team meet datameer sales team core values datameer built company based core set shared values march toward goal making big data analytics easy everyone together. values shape make decisions daily basis. passionate stand motto people passion change world steve jobs. things want make positive impact world excited possible outcomes work have. innovative mission consistently question status quo build data analytics product everyone. impactful company made people accomplish amazing work short period time. colleagues customers rely us great results. excellent listeners communicators instead reacting first listen understand customers prospects community large communicates us make decisions. believers simplicity world full complexity complications. plan add more. curious always expanding knowledge marketplace customers competitors order effectively make world big data better place. courageous love take smart risks bold even controversial. make tough decisions actions consistent core values. honest built foundation respect believe candor direct. stand beliefs also first admit mistakes. devoted end game change world make customers successful everything else follows goal. open positions product overview testimonials learn us privacy policy blog datameer inc. rights reserved.,Solutions Engineer - Dallas,"Dallas, TX 75201 (City Center District area)"
12,Clover Health,Data Extraction Failed,Data Scientist (Platform),"San Francisco, CA"
13,Progressive,jobs progressivego main content section. account options sign inthis service set disconnect automatically minutes inactivity. session end minutes.click ok reset timer minutes.you signed out.this service set sign minutes inactivity.job searchmy jobpagebasic search advanced search jobsmy submissions job cart saved searches beginning main content section.return home pageprintable formatreturn previous position page job number job primary location schedule employee status refer friend jobrefer friendrefer candidatesubmit candidate profile privacy securityterms use copyright progressive casualty insurance company. rights reserved.,Data Scientist,"Mayfield Village, OH"
14,National Security Agency,careers,Data Scientist,"Fort George G Meade, MD"
